Add doc updates (#3347)
kubernetes-sigs/aws-load-balancer-controller: docs/guide/service/annotations.md

        ```

## Legacy Cloud Provider
The AWS Load Balancer Controller manages Kubernetes Services in a compatible way with the legacy aws cloud provider.

- For users on v2.5.0+, The AWS LBC provides a mutating webhook for service resources to set the `spec.loadBalancerCLass` field for the serive of type LoadBalancer, which makes the AWS LBC the default controller for service of type LoadBalancer. 

>   Users can disable this feature and revert to set Cloud Controller Manager (in-tree controller) as the default by setting the helm chart value enableServiceMutatorWebhook to false with `--set enableServiceMutatorWebhook=false` .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Users can disable this feature and revert to using the AWS Cloud Controller Manager as the default service controller by setting the helm chart `enableServiceMutatorWebhook` value to false with `--set enableServiceMutatorWebhook=false` .
```

- For users on older versions, the annotation `service.beta.kubernetes.io/aws-load-balancer-type` is used to determine which controller reconciles the service. If the annotation value is `nlb-ip` or `external`, 
  legacy cloud provider ignores the service resource (provided it has the correct patch) so that the AWS LBC can take over. For all other values of the annotation, the legacy cloud provider will handle the service. 

>   Note that this annotation should be specified during service creation and not edited later. The legacy cloud provider patch was added in Kubernetes v1.20 and is backported to Kubernetes v1.18.18+, v1.19.10+.

Author: Adapted with minor change.
